This is the main attack of the
Lightning Dragon. It is powerful, and
quick, but is not usually instantly
deadly. However, the dragon has a
rarer melee attack: shaking its
prey to death.

<image><drawings_lightningdragon_attacks.png 40 112 290 124 186 69 0.7>




In this attack, the dragon picks
up its target in its mouth, and
rapidly shakes it in order to
severely injure its prey.


<image><drawings_lightningdragon_attacks.png 80 234 330 20 117 77 0.7>




The dragon also has a final melee
attack, in which it builds up a
kinetic force in its tail to slam
into its target. This attack is
very effective, but it takes a
while to build up. They can also
beat their wings to push prey back.

Taking down a dragon of any stage
is not a very easy task. Since
Lightning dragons use elemental
ranged attacks, it would be smart
thinking to use cover and long
range weaponry. If you want to
take down one of these beasts, try
and avoid the lightning bolts, and
watch for charge up behavior for
many attacks. Once you've defeated
one, you will have access to some
valuable commodities.