



These weapons can sometimes be
dropped by the troll on death.
Although they pack quite a punch,
they are extremely hefty and have
a large cooldown between attacks.

When wielding these weapons, trolls
are capable of breaking blocks that
stand in their way by crushing them.

Trolls also drop a multitude of other
items on death. If a weapon is not
dropped, they will drop the materials
they created it from. Mountain trolls
also have a chance to drop an emerald

on death. Frost trolls also have the
possibility to drop a single
sapphire. Forest trolls can drop
mushrooms. But the most valuable
things they drop are their tusks and
leathery hides.





These can be crafted into armor that
has a very special advantage. Just
like the troll it was crafted from,
it is very resistant to projectile
damage. A full set of troll armor
has a 75% reduction of projectile
damage.
